
1.2       * Package hierarchy reorganized.       

--------

          WARNING: incompatible API changes have been made in release 1.2.
          WARNING: Java 1.5 or later is required from this version on.

--------

1.1.4     * Fixed a bug that caused UTF-8 dictionaries to be garbled. Now it should be relatively
          safe to use UTF-8 dictionaries (note: separators cannot be multibyte UTF-8 characters,
          yet this is probably a very rare case).

1.1.3     * Fixed a bug causing NPE when the library is called with null context class loader 
          (happens when JVM is invoked from an JNI-attached thread). Thanks to
          Patrick Luby for report and detailed analysis.

          Updated the built-in dictionary to the newest version available. 

1.1.2     * Fixed a bug causing JAR file locking (by implementing a workaround).

          Fixed the build script (manifest file was broken).

1.1.1     Distribution script fixes. The final JAR does not contain test classes and resources. Size
          trimmed almost twice compared to release 1.1.

          Updated the dump tool to accept dictionary metadata files.

1.1       Introduced an auxiliary "meta" information files about compressed dictionaries.
          Such information include delimeter symbol, encoding and infix/prefix/postfix
          decoding info.
          
          The API has changed (repackaging). Some deprecated methods have been removed.
          This is a major redesign/ upgrade, you will have to adjust your source code.
          
          Cleaned up APIs and interfaces.

          Added infrastructure for command-line tool launching.

          Cleaned up tests.

          Changed project name to morfologik-stemmers and ownership to (c) Morfologik.

1.0.7     Removed one bug in fsa 'compression' decoding.

1.0.6     Customized version of stempel replaced with a standard distribution.

          Removed deprecated methods and classes.
          
          Added infix and prefix encoding support for fsa dictionaries.

1.0.5     Added filler and separator char dumps to FSADump.
          
          * A major bug in automaton traversal corrected. Upgrade when possible.
          
          Certain API changes were introduced; older methods are now deprecated
          and will be removed in the future.

1.0.4     Licenses for full and no-dict versions.

1.0.3     Project code moved to SourceForge (subproject of Morfologik).
          LICENSE CHANGED FROM PUBLIC DOMAIN TO BSD (doesn't change much, but clarifies
          legal issues).

1.0.2     Added a Lametyzator constructor which allows custom dictionary stream, field
          delimiters and encoding. Added an option for building stand-alone 
          JAR that does not include the default polish dictionary.

1.0.1     Code cleanups. Added a method that returns the third automaton's column (form).

1.0       Initial release